SKIP TO CONTENT (PRESS ENTER)
ASIC Professional Registers Search Details
Back
Find information about a person or company and if they are registered or licensed with ASIC to perform a service.
Be sure to check the details of what they are licensed to do, such as provide advice or offer investments.
The Professional Registers Search displays the latest information for Australian financial services licensees.
For all other registers, information displayed is current as of 5:00 AM AEST 02 August 2026
Summary section
FMGP TRADING GROUP PTY LTD
CURRENT
Principal place of business address:
L 27 25 BLIGH ST SYDNEY NSW 2000
Licence number:
385620
Commenced:
05/01/2011
ABN:
74 146 086 017
ACN:
146 086 017
Principal website:
https://fusionmarkets.com.au
Register
Australian financial services licensees
Export to PDF
Expand all
Entity details section
Name history
Addresses
Websites
Principal website:
https://fusionmarkets.com.au
Other websites:
https://globalprime.com.au
Business names
Roles
External dispute resolution
Licence/registration conditions
Representatives
Extracts, information and documents for purchase
search fees
New search
FAQ section
What is the ASIC Professional Registers Search?
How do I use the Professional Registers Search?
Will I have to pay a search fee?
Need help?
I can't find what I'm looking for
Legend section
Register status key
This entity has a current licence or is registered and can perform some services, depending on their conditions.
This entity no longer holds a licence or has been deregistered.
The services this entity can provide are limited as it may be suspended, externally administered, strike-off action in progress, or in the process of being wound up.
Copyright
Privacy
Contact us
Accessibility
Entities may have more than one record in the Professional Register Search, because the search contains multiple registers. Make sure you are looking at the correct register record.
The ASIC Professional Registers Search is updated daily. Refer to the time and date stated to confirm the latest information refresh.